our song into a tenor saxophone I'm Pete
hat is way of talking words of language
of engine life story done glory won't
you listen to his lolly you will just
listen
you then
can you me
Lester Young is playing a water spirit
is deanna dancing now someone I have
told you Lester Young is out of time I
help you to tell you praise is happening
through your town life story glory won't
you listen when he plays it for you just
listen then digging and feeling can you
really be
dealing
you
Oh
he put on his song into a tenor
saxophone hi its way off Tommy
ha
and you feel
youngest player
SB
is dealing at lansing now it's so what I
have told you Lester Young is out of
sight I'm here to tell you want to
listen with your son if you could just
listen and you read me
young ears play what is V
you
I
Oh